This was about 2531.
$36,000 is up.
$1,033.
$4,000.
$5,000.
$6,000.
$36,000 is up.
1, 2, 5, 3, 2.
1, 2, 5, 3, 2 now.
And there he was.
One, two, five, three, three now.
Right in this case, $50,000, $65,000, $70,000, $19,000, $80,000, $90,000, $50,000, $10,000, $20,000, $20,000, $20,000, $20,000, $20,000.
I have $6,000 up front, $170,000 up front, $290,000 up front, $290,000 up front, and $290,000 up front, and $290,000 up front, and $290,000 up front, and $290,000 up front.
You want to live in the box?
You want to be bored, huh?
And I have $7,500, $14,500, $9,000, $10,000, $11,000 now.
I have $11,000, $12,000, $15,000, $14,000 right now.
I have $14,000, $15,000, $16,000, $17,000.
I have $17,000 for $17,000 now.
I have $17,000 for $17,000 all of us, and the $17,000 are recognized at $17,000.
$17,000 now.
$1,200, $2,500, $3,500, $4,000, $3,000, $3,000, $8,000, $8,000, $8,000, $4,000, $8,000, $8,000, $8,000, $8,000, $8,000, $8,000, $8,000, $8,000, $9,000, $9,000, $4,000, $4,000, $4,000, $4,000, $4,000, $4,000, $4,000, $4,000, $4,000, $4,000, $4,000, $4,000, $4,000, $4,000, $4,000, $4,000, $4,000, $4,000, $4,000, $4,000, $4,000, $4,000, $4,000, $4,000, $4,000
Lot number is 3, 5, 3, 6, and $1,500 over $1,830, I have $2,000, $2,500, $2,500, $3,500 each year, $3,500, $4,000, $4,000, $4,000, $4,000, $4,000, $4,000, $4,000, $4,000, $4,000, $5,000, $5,000, $5,000.
Welcome, there's two miles to seven now.
And I've seen thousands of years, five thousands of years, 10 thousands of years right now, 11, 12, 13, 14 thousands of years, 15, 16, 16, 17, 18, 19, 18, 18, 19, 18, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19
It's 27,000 on the corner of the front now.
It's 27 hours old.
We have to three of you now.
That's 27,000 on the street.
That's 28,000 on the street.
That's 29,000 on the street.
That's 30,000 on the street.
That's 31,000 on the street.
I have $31,441 this year off the phone.
I have $32,000.
I have $32,000 on the phone.
I have $34,000 on the phone.
$40,000 $40,000 $40,000 $40,000 $40,000 $40,000 $40,000 $40,000 $40,000 $40,000 $40,000 $40,000 $40,000 $40,000 $40,000 $40,000 $40,000 $40,000 $40,000 $40,000 $40,000 $40,000 $40,000 $40,000 $40,000 $40,000 $40,000 $40,000 $40,000 $40,000 $40,000 $40,000 $40,000 $40,000 $40,000 $40,000 $40,000 $40,000 $40,000 $40,000 $40,000 $40,000 $40,000 $40,000 $40,000 $40,000 $40,000 $40,000 $40,000 $40,000 $40,000 $40,000 $40,000 $40,000 $40,000 $40,000
$35,000.
7,000 dollars I have to work, 11,000 dollars, 18,000 dollars, 18,000 dollars, 18,000 dollars, 18,000 dollars, 18,000 dollars, 18,000 dollars, 18,000 dollars, 18,000 dollars, 18,000 dollars, 18,000 dollars, 18,000 dollars, 18,000 dollars, 18,000 dollars, 18,000 dollars, 18,000 dollars, 18,000 dollars, 18,000 dollars, 18,000 dollars, 18,000 dollars, 18,000 dollars, 18,000 dollars, 18,000 dollars, 18,000 dollars, 18,000 dollars, 18,000 dollars, 18,000 dollars, 18,000 dollars, 18,000 dollars, 18,000 dollars, 18,000 dollars, 18,000 dollars, 18,000 dollars, 18,000 dollars, 18,000 dollars, 18,000 dollars, 18,000 dollars, 18,000 dollars, 18,000 dollars, 18,000 dollars, 18,000 dollars, 18,000 dollars, 18,000 dollars,
So, 47 years ago.
One, two, five, three, nine.
$2,500, $4,500, $3,500, $4,500, $5,000 now.
$5,500, $6,000, $4,500, $6,500, $6,500, $6,500, $6,500, $6,500, $6,500, $6,500, $6,500, $6,500, $6,500, $6,500, $6,500, $6,500, $6,500, $6,500, $6,500, $6,500, $6,500, $6,500, $6,500, $6,500, $6,500, $6,500, $6,500, $6,500, $6,500, $6,500, $6,500, $6,500, $6,500, $6,500, $6,500, $6,500, $6,500, $6,
I raised my country now.
All right.
$60,000, $60,000, $70,000, $80,000, $100,000, $100,000, $100,000, $100,000, $100,000, $100,000, $100,000, $100,000, $100,000, $100,000, $100,000, $100,000, $100,000, $100,000, $100,000, $100,000, $100,000, $100,000, $100,000, $100,000, $100,000, $100,000, $100,000, $100,000, $100,000, $100,000, $100,000, $100,000, $100,000, $100,000, $100,000, $100,000, $100,000, $100,000, $100,000, $100,000, $100,000, $100,000, $100,000, $100,000, $
That's $90,000.
That's $90,000 to the rear of the room now.
in my whole body.
$4,000.
45 years.
But I feel bad for you.
And here I come to this, I have $5.4, here comes the $7.8 now, $8.8, $8.8, $8.8, $8.8, $8.8, $8.8, $8.8, $8.8, $8.8, $8.8, $8.8, $8.8, $8.8, $8.8, $8.8, $8.8, $8.8, $8.8, $8.8, $8.8, $8.8, $8.8, $8.8, $8.8, $8.8, $8.8, $8.8, $8.8, $8.8, $8.8, $8.8, $8.8, $8.8, $8.8, $8.8, $8.8, $8.8, $8.8, $8.8, $8.8, $
and it's all in life.
That's 1,253.
That's $800.99.
That's $1,100.
That's $2,000 or $2,000 now.
$2,000 for all of them.
That's $2,000 this year.
That's $2,000.
$2,000.
$2
Hey, I got a balance all the time I did.
So let's talk about this, and you just said, if you now, if you did, 20 miles, if you just said, 3 miles.
If you did this, 20 miles, if you just said, 4 miles.
45 miles, if you just said, 4 miles.
45 miles, if you just said, 5 miles, 5 miles.
I get you 5 miles, if you get 6 miles, 5 miles, if you do it, it cuts out.
He said, he said, he said, he said,
That's a purely 70 miles to the last show, 7,500.
That's 7,500 dollars to get to the north of the right now.
That's 7,500 dollars to the right rear.
That's 8,500 dollars.
One of these.
In my four hours now, it is hell.
And I think I was going to start this day.
I was nine thousand dollars now.
Five thousand dollars, four thousand dollars, ten thousand dollars right now.
At ten thousand dollars, eleven thousand dollars, twelve thousand.
Fifty thousand dollars now.
One thousand dollars.
Fifty thousand dollars.
18,000 years, 17,000 years, 18,000 years, 18,000 years, I didn't see my writing, I didn't see 19,000 years, 20,000 years now, I had 20,000 years, 21,000 years, 21,000 years, 22,000 years now, 23,000 years.
That's $23,000.
That's $24,000.
That's $25,000.
$26,000.
$27,000.
That's $27,000.
1st of the earth, 3, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 5, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19,
My 2,000 father-in-law, so far.
That's what he wanted to do.
Next is you are so right.
And I remember I was going to take you up.
I was going to have lunch.
Well, I think it's now somewhere.
I think it's now 40, 50, 60, 70, 70.
This is Washington's club here, the Federalist Favors.
One, two, three.
Right, $170,000 dollars.
I want $170,000 dollars.
$170,000 dollars.
$275,000 dollars.
$700,000.
I have $800,000 in the proper form.
$9,50,000.
$1,50,000.
Six, $1,860.
$1,860.
Thank you.
Oh, thank you very much.
That was a fellow for me.
I have a town with a fellow for me.
4500.
And $3,500, I have $3,500 today now.
$3,500, $4,500, $4,500, $5,000, $5,000, $5,000, $6,000, $5,000, $7,000.
$7,000, $5,000, $8,000.
$8,000, $8,000, $4,000, $8,000, $9,000, $5,000, $7,000, $5,000, $5,000, $7,000, $5,000, $11,000, $12,000, $15,000, $14,000, $15,000, $15,000, $16,000 now.
I have $16,000 in the federal room now.
That's $16,000 in the federal room now.
That's $16,000 in the federal room.
That's $16,000 in the federal room
That's $1,500.
$1,500.
$1,800.
$2,100.
$2
I have 24, 500, 400, 25, 600, 700, 800, 800, 800, 800, 800, 800, 800, 800, 800, 800, 800, 800, 800, 800, 800, 800, 800, 800, 800, 800, 800, 800, 800, 800, 800, 800, 800, 800, 800, 800, 800, 800, 800, 800.
I have $7,500, $7,500, $8,500, $8,500, $9,500, $8,500, $8,500, $8,500, $8,500, $8,500, $8,500, $8,500, $8,500, $8,500, $8,500, $8,500, $8,500, $8,500, $8,500, $8,500, $8,500, $8,500, $8,500, $8,500, $8,500, $8,500, $8,500, $8,500, $8,500, $8,500, $8,500, $8,500, $8,500, $8,500, $8,500, $8,500, $8,500, $8,500, $8,500, $8,500, $8,500, $8,500, $8,500, $8,500, $8
The last item, the Declaration of Independence, one of two in private hands.
Let's see who goes with this.
... ... ... ...
I have $250,000 in stock.
I have $250,000 for now.
I have $250,000 for $250,000.
I have $250,000 for $300,000 now.
I have $300,000 on my rent.
I have $300,000 now.
$350,000 now.
I have $400,000 in steady career now.
$400,000.
I have $400,000 for the war.
$500,000.
$600,000.
Seven hundred, six.
Eight hundred, six.
Nine hundred, nine fifty.
One million, one fifty.
One million, two, six.
One million, three, six.
One million, four, six.
$1,450,000 in the second room.
I have $1,450,000 in the second room.
Thank you all, everybody.
I think he said number 50, though.
I think he said number 50.
So what the number 50 is?
Someone in the room, in the middle of the room.
Yeah.
I'm going to ask a guy with a red, white, blue shirt on.
Can you see Bison already?
It's pretty chaotic.
How's that?
This is the gentleman.
Excuse me, Mr. Newman.
Can I take your hand?
How are you?
Thank you.
How are you doing?
Hi.
Mr. Newham, my name is Nick Bazbaines.
I'm a writer from Massachusetts.
I'm doing a book for Landon House on book collecting dealers, major collections.
And I wonder if you could give me a time if I'd get in touch with you, sir.
Oh, really?
Well done.
I want to talk to you.
You know what, just a second?
Sure.
I'm going to talk to this gentleman at some point for my study.
I know Mr. Larry.
I'm just going to get his card.
I'll be in touch with you, sir.
Yeah.
It's a nice card.
Thank you, sir.
Mr. Kirshenbaum.
You were successful.
I noticed you got the next to last one.
I got two left.
Did you?
which which ones in particular was it for sentimental reasons no i bought the uh stolen collection you did and is this for stock or is it for a client how do you feel how do you feel now you put half of this collection together how do you feel sometimes i fall through the floor when i see the prices you know what i sold them now some of these things that you brought today are these things that you originally
remember that i bought the standing papers i sold them for four thousand dollars it was a great sale huh sure i'll be in touch with you i'm going to give you a call
Mr. Chairman, is this something you bought for stock or is this for yourself?
His name is not to be revealed.
If I give you a call, could you talk to me a little bit about your work?
Oh, sure.
I'll be back in Chicago probably Friday.
And I really need a Chicago presence in my book.
I'm doing both coats, sit in between.
I'm going to Texas in two weeks.
I've been to Philly.
I've been doing a lot of stuff in Boston and down here.
So I understand that when it comes to patriotic items, you're the top guy.
Is that correct?
Well, we're one of the top guys.
So this is for a collector, a private collection, or an institutional collection.
At some point, will this person want to disclose who he is?
Sure.
Could I call you at some point?
Would you tell me after he discloses it?
Because I'm in Massachusetts.
Good, thanks.
George Washington's journey of the Missouri.
Item number, I don't even know.
For stock or for client?
Yes.
Great.
I mean, it's fabulous.
I don't know what happened.
For the sake of my tape, don't say who you are again right now.
It's David Block.
Okay.
It's going to be awfully hard to correlate my tapes.
No, we talked outside.
We did.
Yeah, no, I didn't.
I have your card.
I just want to listen to the tape.
What do you think about the declaration?
Well, I don't want to say.
I mean, I was told by somebody who thinks they know it's $25.44.
$25.46.
That's a mess.
Good for you.
I mean, I'll probably price the book.
I'll probably price the book at what it's worth, which is probably $35,000.
Great.
H-I-M-E.
And where is your shop?
In Idlewild, California.
I see.
I'd introduce myself.
I'm Nick Bazbaines.
I'm from Massachusetts.
I'm writing a book.
It's on a contract to Random House about grateful collectors.
It's not how to collect.
I'll tell you what.
Is it going?
It's going.
Okay.
bibley octopus box 309 idle wild california i d y l l w i l d california 92349 it's b-i-b-l-i-o-c-t-o-p-u-s 714-659-5188 if you write to me i will send you know if you brought me a card i will send you um catalog or things like that that
will amaze you.
I'm going to send you a package of things that will give you some idea of what I'm doing, articles I've done.
You have a pretty good sale.
I watched it.
It was the world record for a single American literary autograph letter, 120,000.
No American literary, maybe a group of letters, just to Hawthorne's wife.
And Hawthorne was the stagnatee of Moby Dick.
Yeah.
Franklin was for mine.
California collector or?
Well, I mean, I'd rather not say it.
If you needed to know, I'd tell you what you needed to know.
Just that it wasn't working.
No, it was bird line.
I think we're going off to meet his faces in this game, and I've never heard of Keller's that kind of thing.
Well, he had a... He had a...
I hardly ever do autographs.
I mean, I bought a few autographs.
She hardly ever does books.
I really don't know anything without a letter and a picture.
Lady, what did you say the record, the record for a printed American book?
Was that right?
One million.
Three was the federal.
It was the federal.
You have to add one point.
Wow.
143.
Jim Cummins dropped out of that at about 700.
He was standing in the back.
He went to the back.
I don't see him here.
I got an eye on him.
He dropped out at 700,000.
So I was watching him.
I have my eye on him.
I'm talking here to K-A-L-L.
I'm wondering what you're interested in, but I can tell you a little about us.
We deal mostly in manuscripts and documents, American historical stuff primarily.
And the two best things that we've gotten so far are the 13th Amendment signed by Emerson and the Emancipation Proclamation.
Nothing like that.
We took them over to Gettysburg College last year to exhibit it during a Lincoln Fellowship meeting.
We'd like to do more of that.
Were you buying today for clients or for stock?
Primarily for clients.
That's my day job.
I mean, this is, I'm going to look at her, who would you tell her?
Primarily for clients.
The Federalist was a bit for clients.
We were hoping to be able to exhibit that worldwide, first in the United States and then overseas.
Draw some attention to early political movement and
getting a competition set up.
Do you know who you watched that to?
That was to a telephone.
Right.
I have no idea.
Did you have some idea what a competition was on that, I wonder?
I knew who I thought would be bidding.
It turns out that I was right on the Declaration of Independence and perhaps not right on this.
I have an idea.
Jim Covington said it was about 700.
Yeah.
I thought he was going to go far.
You never know.
I would have liked a bit more of that.
Always that funny.
the producer i was telling you about i'm writing a very interesting book i'm under contract and the great collectors are going to be here i mean i really think that you should
I will treat everything with confidence.
Maybe we could talk.
You're a great collection right now.
Yeah, but you're young.
I'm interested in finding some young people.
I'm a writer also.
Where are you from?
West End City.
I'm going down at...
Let me make sure I know which two important
What do you write?
Actually, I graduated in Miami, University of Denver.
So right now, I'm building for college.
I'm not unpublished because I have a great, massive prediction, although I haven't intended it yet.
but I'm just trying to build a decent portfolio.
You live in Texas?
Yes.
You came up to this show?
Especially for the show.
And you were successful?
99%.
This is great.
I'll give you my name once more.
How about a phone number?
Okay.
915-683-8282.
Okay, what I'll probably do is, for this, I'm... How do we... How do we spell the name?
MCG, I'm sorry.
MCG-UI.
And... Yes, G-A-M.
Okay.
I'll show you some things, I think, to get out here right now.
It's... John is coming through.
But why borrow?
I think you're right.
It's really important.
Childhood passion.
But it likes childhood dating.
Early, you know, 10, 11, 12, from then on.
But then, you know, I've moved into Hemingway.
There's a definite maturity in my collecting, whereas I'm sure 10, 15 years from now, I'll be with the borrow.
Were you here yesterday?
Yes, I was.
Did you get anything yesterday?
Sun also rises.
I was very excited.
Most of it went for very reasonable.
He was a prophet.
He predicted who the letter was.
Every collector has been on a great field.
Especially the book field.
It's the one field that I have never seen people in.
If I had come to this auction without
And just plain alacrity, I wouldn't have purchased one book because I would not know what to expect.
I thought the Gatsby did not have a first aid test check.
That really wasn't a very good part.
What goes on the phone between collectors is so completely different.
I could amass the same collection and never come here, but some of these books do have a thing or whatever.
It will surface in a reasonable amount.
Did you get the heavyweight books that were inscribed to Bradley Martin?
I bet those were wonderful.
I didn't.
I would have liked to, but those were a few.
The books I bought were great enough for the sale that they were a reasonable price, and they were a key book.
The Bradley Martin books, I could find them.
Better associations.
The only reason I was more close to the association.
Which is nice.
Is this your first auction?
I've seen how I know I've been to two or three others.
The York auction?
Yes.
Which year?
South Lee's, Christine's, and Bernsie's.
Okay.
How long have you been a collector now?
Five years.
What's the first book you bought as a collector?
First book out of Tarzan Dames, the first station at Tarzan Dames.
Are you going?
Yeah.
I've seen anything of interest.
I'm taking the train across country.
I'll be out there for making the last day.
I've been a journalist for 25 years, but how do you afford to do this?
I've been fortunate I have a small experience.
Writing is my first passion so I can pursue that.
There are other options I can take.
I'm very interested in film.
Is your family supportive of the collection?
Yes, they are.
My mother collects, and so she's very supportive.
She understands my train of thought.
My father has never had that passion, so he doesn't quite understand.
But he's supportive because most of the things I collect, he's familiar with.
So it's not so off the wall that he can't respect it.
Good.
I'm looking for very interesting... The book I'm writing is really wonderful.
That's very theoretical.
We sold it to the first...
as i see the auction records and i know i sat down with mark and we traced we would find a book that i was interested in and there are several books that i didn't bid on i wasn't going to but i was interested in history and
The same books have been, you know, very few of them have turned out the same books have been coming up every so, every 30 years.
And I'm very fortunate that if I can wait 30 years for the book and it does come up again, then I can get back.
What's the focus of your collection, American literature?
Modern, yeah.
20th century American literature.
And are you looking for inscribed things?
Are you going to go into many sort of things?
Manuscripts have progressed.
I'd have to, right now, an example.
I would venture to guess, although we'll never come up for now, at least for the next several decades.
The manuscript is something like Tars and the Apes, which is where that would be completely in the field.
Where is that?
It's with the corporation.
But that's a million dollar manuscript.
Maybe more.
Maybe more, exactly.
I think it were broken up and sold for leaves.
I would really hope that doesn't happen.
One of the requests in my study is that the collector is more than just an accumulator.
teaching is also responsible for the presentation.
What is my passion?
I don't necessarily, there's some authors where I only collect one or two titles that they've done because those are my favorite books, because I don't care for their things, but certain authors like Fitzgerald and Burroughs, although they're not in the same class, but they're contemporaries, I actually have a passion for everything I've done.
How large is your collection?
I've got
all but one Burroughs title, and they're 16.
Some of them have probably the best autographed books and the best associations and the best presentation copies.
You wrote your first book when you were 18?
No, when I was 16.
With the intention of being a collector?
You know, I had gotten into the field of Burroughs, and I knew Burroughs, and I really wanted to start collecting, and this was a book that a friend of mine had, and it was one that was pretty cheap, not cheap, but I mean,
It was below market price at the time that he would sell it to me.
So I worked the whole summer as a garbage man, and I purchased that for my entire summer earnings.
And that was only $600.
I worked 15 hour days for three months.
This dealer that you were buying with today, he's from California.
How did you connect with him?
Just through associations with other collectors.
Well, Chris Burrows is basically a California town.
Well, we're sort of in Chicago.
Well, ties in his Tarzan years in California.
But, you know, Mark deals with several selected Burrows.
So you just kind of gravitated, you connected basically.
He's sort of that.
I listen, and I learn, and I check, and I come back.
What's interesting, you see, is you're 23, in 20 years, a young man, early 40s, and you'll have one hell of a major collection.
Bradley Martin started mine.
That's right.
So what's the goal?
I mean, what happens to your books in 50 years?
Have you thought of that?
Well, ideally, and tax reasons aren't a factor.
I won't not donate my collection to a museum because of the tax laws currently.
Do you think it will be significant enough to maintain as a collection?
Well, I have two conflicting emotions on that.
If once it goes to an institution, it's deadlocked into that institution, and it would never get that kind of private.
You wouldn't have something like this.
I find people saying both things, and I really respect that.
I look at the University of Texas.
They're some of the finest books.
And when they list the other copies, they're in that library.
They'll never see the light of day again.
No one will ever see that book.
What do you know about the university?
I'm going down there.
All my friends go there, all my friends go there.
I mean, what do you know about the collecting?
They don't collect.
Everything's donated.
They spend a lot of money.
I know they do, but I mean, most collections go there.
I mean, my grandfather's donated, you know, his estate, and everything's donated.
But once it's there, it's gone.
Whereas if I die, then my collection was turned over.
It's back out in the market.
And Bradley Martin, who's been immortal on it.
OK.
What's the motivation?
Is it to hold, to have, to possess?
How do you enjoy these things?
Is there ever kind of a let down when you get an item?
like, all right, now I've got to put it on the shelf and then just forget about it and then go on to the next one?
I mean, there are a lot of collectors who've got it.
Well, right now I have absolutely zero emotion.
I came out very, very well at this point.
Zero emotion.
Were you intent on getting the items that you got?
Was price and object?
Did you have drop-off points or were you going to go?
Yes, I did.
The things I bought, I didn't spend ridiculous prices on.
I bought at fair market prices.
A lot of these books, like the Gatsby, that's a $4,500 book.
a first edition, which it wasn't.
And that book, the book is worth $300, and that jacket's worth $100.
And so, I mean, for me to go out in the marketplace and buy a first edition book and then come in these bookstores for a later printing dust jacket and then pair them together, that's not a $45 book.
So that was, I didn't think very intelligent.
But I did not pay any ridiculous prices.
I bought within way below most of my bids.
So in a sense, I came out.
So you came here knowing how much you were prepared to spend?
I had to the pen.
And what was that for you?
I'm just going to go over it.
Did you go over it?
I went over it.
I did go over it.
I had my entire list, and there were certain books that if I didn't get them... And you could apply that.
Exactly.
But I got everything for half of what I had.
Not necessarily half.
No kidding.
But there were certain books, like The Sun Also Rises, I didn't feel.
There were only four copies.
that it turned over in the last 20 years, that that book was a book I was going to get anytime soon.
If I didn't make the effort now to take that book off the market... Now, when do you get this stuff?
Are you going to ship it for you?
I was supposed to take it with me, but there was a complication.
And how many lots did you get?
Four today, four districts.
I got eight lots.
Good.
We'll be in touch.
Congratulations.
Good, thanks.